add first ASM instructions for Python (#14362)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security_platform/application_security/troubleshooting.md

3. In your application directory, run the command `npm explore @datadog/native-appsec -- npm run install` and restart your app.

    a. If `@datadog/native-appsec` is not found then the installation is incorrect. See [installation instructions][4].

    b. If `@datadog/native-appsec` is found when starting your application, add the command to your runtime start script.

    c. If the tracer still does not work, you might be running an unsupported runtime.

4. To enable logs, add the following environment variables:

    ```
    DD_TRACE_DEBUG=1
    DD_TRACE_LOG_LEVEL=info
    ```

[1]: https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-js/blob/master/MIGRATING.md
[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/security/appsec/
[3]: /tracing/troubleshooting/tracer_startup_logs/
[4]: /security_platform/application_security/getting_started/nodejs/?tab=dockercli
[5]: /tracing/troubleshooting/
{{< /programming-lang >}}
{{< programming-lang lang="python" >}}

If you don’t see ASM threat information in the [Trace and Signals Explorer][2] for your Python application, follow these steps to troubleshoot the issue:

> 1. Confirm ASM is running based on the app by setting the log level to `DEBUG` in the application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set your application's log level to `DEBUG` to confirm that ASM is running:
```

  ```python
  import logging
  logging.basicConfig(level=logging.DEBUG)
  ```

> Then run any HTTP call to the application, you should see the log:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Then, run any HTTP call to the application. You should see the following log:
```

  ```
  DEBUG:ddtrace.appsec.processor:[DDAS-001-00] Executing AppSec In-App WAF with parameters:
  ```

> if not present, ASM is not running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If this log is not present, ASM is not running.
```
